# Reflection #

Working on this project was a lot of fun, especially because I got to interact with not only the HTML but also the CSS. It was really satisfying to be able to tweak and style the page to make it look just right. Figuring out how different styles and classes could be applied to elements and how small changes could have a big impact on the layout.

One of the challenges I faced was at the beginning when I followed the instructions and didn’t use the screenshot as a reference. Instead, I turned to ChatGPT for help, explaining what I wanted to achieve and using it to get a base for the project. After that, it was a series of smaller problems to solve, like figuring out the structure of the page and getting the octopus quiz part right. It took some time but by tweaking all the classes and working with the CSS code I was able to come close to the screenshot that was provided. Another thing I struggled with was moving things around in the correct places, for example for the header rectangle in the beginning I was unsure of how to have some text centered while the other was not, this also occured with the quiz section. Through the means of AI and other resources such as a website from Simon Fraser University, I was able to understand how to position things within classes to help me understand CSS more.

Ultimately, I was able to fix most of the problems by diving into CSS and understanding how classes were being created. This gave me the flexibility to manipulate them and adjust things how I wanted. Through the means of this project I was able to understand how exactly CSS can be combined with HTML whether that be inline or through classes to make a website look good. Hopefully soon we can learn how to apply Java or other languages in order to move things around in a wesbite to get a better understanding of how website are really made. Diving deeper in to what really the back end and front end is of a website sounds very interesting too.
